
																	EJERCICIOS JQUERY

1º

	a) Create a web page with 2 paragraphs (<p>). And write a script using jQuery to catch the click event on the 2nd paragraph.
	When you click on the 2nd paragraph an alert message "You pressed on 2nd Paragraph" must appear.

2º

	a) Create a web page with a two-rows table (<tr>). And write a script using jQuery to catch the click event on the table rows.
	When you click on a row, it must change its background colour. Use a different colour for every row.´

3º

	a) Create a web page with an unordered list (<ul>) with 4 different list items (<li>). And write a script using jQuery to hide the <li> element that yiu press.
	 To hide an element, jQuery provides us the method hide().

4º

	a) Create a web page with two tables. Every table with 3 rows. And write a script using jQuery to change the background colour when you click on a row y in the first table,
	and to change the text size in the second table.

5º

	a) Create a web page with five different <h1> and <p> elements representing the headline and summary of a newspaper article.
	And three different buttons to change the text font size of the content in the odd paragraphs to small (10px), medium (15px) or big (20px) respectively.

6º

	a) Create a web page with two tables. Every table has 3 rows and 3 columns, and every cell has the same text "OFF". When we press a button the text inside the first table must change to "ON", but the second table mustn’t change at all.

7º

	a) Create a web page with a link (<a>) with href property empty, and three buttons. Write a script using jQuery to set a different value for href property depending on the button we click on.

8º

	a) Create a web page with a table. Define two styles, one for the <thead> section and the other for the <tbody> section. Using two buttons link and unlink the two styles or classes.

9º

	a) Create a web page with two buttons. When you press on the first one, an alert box must appear showing all the content in the <head> section. And when you press on the second button, an alert box must appear showing all the content in the <body> section.

10º

	a) Create a web page with some words using <strong> element. When you click on them, the words must be hidden.

11º

	a) Create a table with 2 rows and two columns. When you move the cursor over a cell, this must change its background colour,
	 and when you move out the cursor from the cell, this must change to its original background colour.

12º

	a) Create a table with 2 rows and 2 columns. Change the colour of cells when the mouse cursor moves over and out.

13º

	a) Create a div with a width and height of 200 pixels. Then the mouse position must be displayed when the mouse cursor is over this div.
	And a message "Mouse out of the DIV" must be displayed when the mouse cursor isn't inside the div.

14º

	a) Create a web page with 2 buttons. When you press on a button, its background colour must change, and when you release the button,
	it must return to the original background colour.

15º

	a) Create a web page with a div of 800x70 pixels. When you double-click over this div, it must be re-sized to 250x250 pixels,
	and if you double-click again the div munst return to its original size (800x70).

16º

	a) Create a web page with two text elements (input type="text") in a form. Set their font colour to blue. When an input element get the focus,
	its font colour must change to red.

17º

	a) Create a form with a text field (input type="text"). When this field loses the focus and its content is empty,
	an alert message "Field can't be empty" must be shown.

18º

	a) Create a form where you can add and remove text fields. You can use a button to create new text fields.
	 Every text field must have its particular button to remove itself.

19º

	a) Create a DIV element with some paragraphs inside. When you press on this div, it must be hidden slowly.
	And when it is completely hidden, another text block must appear slowly.

20º

	a) Create a DIV with some paragraphs. When you press on this div, it must be faded out.
	And when it is completely hidden, another div must be faded in.

21º

	a) Create a div with some paragraphs. When you click on the div, its opacity must be reduced to 0.20.
	And when you double click on the div, its opacity must be increased to 1.

22º

	a) Create a table with 1 row and 2 columns. There must be an image and a button in every cell.
	When you press on a button cell, its image visibility must change from visible to hidden and viceversa.

23º

	a) Create a page with a list of links (<a>). Create a script to highlight all the links to subdomains .es. Use the indexOf String method.

24º

	a) Write a Javascript script that loads the information from two different txt files (fiile1.txt, file2.txt) inside a div container using the jQuery
	load method depending on which of the buttons #button1 or #button2 is clicked.

25º

	a) Write a Javascript script that uses 2 input text controls to enter the value of the 2 operands and 4 different buttons to perform
	the 4 basic arithmetic operations (addition, substraction, product and division).The data (2 operands and 1 operation) is sent to the server
	where the corresponding operation is calculated and returned using $.post or $.get function. The result is shown in a div.

26º

a) Write a Javascript script that uses a SELECT form field with various names of cities (MANACOR, PALMA, INCA, SOLLER; ...)
 to filter the information from a JSON file with the company workers information (name, age  and city).
 The filtered result must be shown in an unordered list UL. Use a JSON file as the following one.
